(upbeat dance music)
(tires screeching)
♪ When it feels like ♪
♪ The world is on your shoulders ♪
♪ And all of the madness ♪
♪ Has got you going crazy ♪
♪ It's time to get out ♪
♪ Step out into the street ♪
♪ Where all of the action ♪
♪ Is right there at your feet ♪
♪ Well, I know a place ♪
♪ Where we can dance
the whole night away ♪
♪ Underneath electric stars ♪
♪ Just come with me ♪
♪ And we can shake your blues right away ♪
♪ You'll be doing fine
when the music starts, oh ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ You can leave them all behind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Oh, the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
(upbeat dance music)
♪ Look out on the street now ♪
♪ The party's just beginning ♪
♪ The music's playing ♪
♪ A celebration's starting ♪
♪ Under the street lights ♪
♪ The scene is being set ♪
♪ A night for romance ♪
♪ A night you won't forget ♪
♪ So, come join the fun ♪
♪ This ain't no time to be staying home ♪
♪ Ooh, there's too much going on ♪
♪ Tonight is gonna be a night
like you've never known ♪
♪ We're gonna have a good time
the whole night long, oh ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ You can leave them all behind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Oh, the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
(upbeat dance music)
♪ Come join the fun ♪
♪ This ain't no time to be staying home ♪
♪ Ooh, there's too much going on ♪
♪ Tonight is gonna be a night
like you've never known ♪
♪ We're gonna have a good time
the whole night long, oh ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ You can leave them all behind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ La, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ The music's playing, it's celebration ♪
♪ The music's playing, everybody dance ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ You can leave them all behind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪
♪ Forget about the worries on your mind ♪
♪ You can leave them all behind ♪
♪ To the beat of the rhythm of the night ♪
♪ Dance until the morning light ♪